# Overview

## Server-Driven UI
Various applications are built by establishing a client & a server, where the server provides data via REST API, and the client consumes it to render the UI. Whereas some web apps are built by sending the direct HTML file to render on requesting a particular URL. However, Server-driven UI uses a hybrid approach where the server controls and sends data along with the UI layout information in a declarative format like JSON. This enables rapid development and the iteration of UI components. After receiving the response, the client-side draws the UI. The current state of server-driven UI frameworks is such that they are either difficult to use or do not support multiple platforms. 

## Lumine UI
Lumine is a server-driven UI framework that makes it easy for developers to create and iterate on applications quickly, providing a better way to build server-driven UI applications that are easy to use while supporting multiple platforms. Layout updates are done on the fly, and updating the app on either the app store or play store is not required to see the dynamically updated components. In addition, it provides better performance and scalability since the server can add multiple pages on the fly without affecting the application size. The UI always stays up-to-date and consistent across all devices, ensuring users a more consistent experience. Lumine’s framework allows applications to be developed on multiple platforms, with their layouts dynamically updated from the server, without redeploying web applications or launching new updates on Google Play or the App Store. It can test different theories for improving the product by running A/B experiments. The framework promises to ship new features faster and build new screens with defined components.
